Our mission here in at NREL is to move technology
more rapidly into the marketplace.
This is advanced technology that has
the attributes of a sustainable energy economy.
This is actually the only national laboratory that is solely devoted to
renewable technology and promoting the use of renewable technologies.
A lot on the lab does research, but in our
area, we're helping to get that research
out of the lab and into the marketplace.
Our portfolio of industry partnerships is really
unparalleled within the National Lab system.
The things that we do here really do have impact
directly to what people are doing in industry.
Over the last fifteen years, we've really gone from a technology that was
"Yes at some point in the future, we'll be
able to do that. It'll be great when that happens," to
now the United States and across the
world, we're doing large-scale
implementations of all sorts of
renewable technologies.
I love working at NREL.
The people are fantastic and the work
that we do make such great difference
for both the nation and the world.
The investment in clean energy really provides us
energy security opportunities, environmental impact improvement
that can be quite dramatic, and also
competitiveness in the marketplace.
So I think NREL kind of is in a very unique place
amongst not only laboratory organizations but across the world.
And how we looking to the future and
how we meet the energy needs
not only of our nation but of the world.
It makes me so excited to come to work every day
to know that I'm doing something that
makes a difference and it matters
and it doesn't just matter to me or to my family
but to my community around me and the
planet as a whole.
And it makes it an amazing place to work.